---
title: LEARNING JAPANESE w. 2
description: Learned a bit too much grammar 
date: 2023-08-28 21:53:00 +0700
categories: [Learning Japanese]
tags: [report]
published: false
---
not like anyone would notice, but I didn't write a weekly report last week. i originally intended to write one for that week on this monday. That was the plan, yeah... until Monday hit me like a truck with a bunch of assignments.

**week 7**:
i don't remember what I did in this particularly week very well. the only thing i recall is that I ran into a weird problem regarding syncing between my pc and phone. Apparently, the decks on my mobile and on my computer are different somehow. To resolve the problem, I had to delete 3 days' worth of progress and reupload the correct deck to AnkiWeb. I'm not sure whether you'd understand what I'm saying. I'm not a really articulate person myself, so please pardon me.

That aside, I watched 4 more episodes of Yuru Camp. As for Yotsubato, I read around 30 more pages, so by the end of week 7, I got to page 50 something.
For Cure Dolly, I got to lesson 50 too.

**week 8**:
as you could probably guess, I couldn't do much this week. I had stuff after stuff stacked on top of my plate.
Yuru Camp, I watched one more episode. Current ep: 6
Anki, was doing consistently despite being so snowed under . I'm pretty sure you know why.
Cure Dolly: I didn't watch any lessons at all. 

To conclude, I'm nearly half a month slow in terms of progression now. At least I didn't stop altogether, haha. I will keep going until I complete this UsagiSpoon thingy.
