---
title: LEARNING JAPANESE week ZERO
description: The start of a new era
date: 2023-08-13 15:46:00 +0700
categories: [Learning Japanese]
tags: [report]
image:
  path: /assets/img/JapanNumber0.jpg
  lqip:
data:
  alt: Responsive rendering of Chirpy theme on multiple devices.
---
## Why Japanese?
Learning Japanese!

It's an idea that's stuck with me since middle school. When I was in middle school, I was *obssessed* with watching anime, or just about consuming anything Japanese in general. Listening to J-pop, buying things "made in Japan", playing visual novels, etc., you name it.

Of course, I tried to learn the langauge at some point. But I failed miserably and abandoned my studies, letting it collect dust as I tend to other parts of my life.

I thought that was the end of it.

How wrong was I 😅

The story is a bit long, but I might as well mention it. So, I've been trying to pick up art, anime specifically (who could have guessed). 

Things would have gone very smoothly for me, if only all the quality tutorial videos hadn't been in... Japanese. 

Sure, I could always just use subtitles. But the experience is not at all pleasant to me. And that sucks, honestly. 

"Might as well just learn the language to watch those tutorials", I thought to myself. 
## First steps
This time, I'm learning it for real! Hoho! No giving up half-way in! 

Needless to say, absolute beginner here. I know a few weeb words at best. Maybe a "baka" and a "goshujin-sama" here and there, but that's about it. It's kind of embarrassing for me to mention it to be honest...

I learned all of the "alphabet" with Tofugu's guides [Hiragana](https://www.tofugu.com/japanese/learn-hiragana/) and [Katakana](https://www.tofugu.com/japanese/learn-katakana/). I heard it'd take a lot of time, but that wasn't the case at all. Only around 3 days for me.

## Following a set structure
Anyway, now that I'm done with the absolute basics of this wacky language, I thought I'd need some sort of structure to achieve mastery. 

It was at this point that I stumbled across Jazzy's JLPT N1 post, about how he achieved a perfect score on it in less than 9 months. 
> The original 6000-word post on reddit has already been deleted. You can find an archive of it [here](https://rentry.co/jazzy180)
{: .prompt-info }

In the post he mentioned [TheMoeWay](https://learnjapanese.moe/guide/) a lot, so I gave reading this one guide a try. And I sure as hell loved every second of it. Everything's nicely formatted, coherent, and had all the information I needed there.

I followed everything the guide maker said in the guide *to a tee*. Mainly because I was scared I'd mess up my "Japanese-learning curriculum" somehow. Looking back, that was a little silly of me.

As of now, I'm doing the N5 Tango deck, as suggested by the TMW guide. I'll make sure to post again next Sunday.