---
title: LEARNING JAPANESE w. 4
description: Learned a bit too much grammar 
date: 2023-08-28 21:53:00 +0700
categories: [Learning Japanese]
tags: [report]
published: false
---
another week went by before i even noticed. 
week 5:
it didn't go really well. While I said that I would get to enjoy nearly 3 hours of free time a day, I wasn't able to keep up with the pace of 3 C.Dolly videos/ Core 2.3k + RRTK/ JP immersion. I attribute this to the fact that when I watch the C.Dolly vids I would keep replaying the parts that I didn't quite understand over and over again. It takes nearly an hour on average just to watch and take in all the info of one lesson(I'm pretty dumb for this ngl). 
Time is of the essence, and I just couldn't stay scratching my head all day trying to comprehend all the things C.Dolly-sensei said since I had the decks and immersion to do. Therefore, I only got to watch like 2 videos a day at most. I'm currently 6 episodes behind :sob:

Still on the topic of watching stuff, for JP immersion, I initially picked Non Non Biyori. However, it was the most boring thing I'd ever watched in my whole life. Like... the characters don't talk at all. They just stare???
Anyway, I picked another anime to watch. It was a rather dubious choice, though: Eromanga-sensei (I chose it because I couldn't think of anything else at that moment). But hey, at least it's way more talking, way more sentences, way less boring. 

As for the anki decks, it was kinda tough. I took 40 minutes on average to complete both of the decks. There were some words that just wouldn't stick (for example, kaeru as in substitute, kaeru as in be restored), and they were a pain in the ass to deal with. I wasn't able to recall such words even if it was the 5th time I saw them in the same session.

it's pretty late rn, i should sleep.

Summary: Currently 6 C.Dolly lessons behind. Anime watching all okay. I hate words that require 5+ attempts to remember.
