---
title: "TMW Report Week 38 & 39: Summer Planning"
description: What I'm doing to make this summer of immersion fruitful
date: 2024-05-15 21:35:00 +0700
categories: [Catch Up w/ Chigeri]
tags: [learning japanese]
---
I’m done with my exams at last. Freedom!

This is going to be a filler post about me preparing for this summer of immersion, I guess?

I’ve been taking some time off from learning Japanese to work on some other personal projects of mine. One of them is this blog website. 

> If you're reading this, then the site must be up and running well, right?
{: .prompt-tip}

## Immersion 
Blue Archive anime: 2 episodes
## Stats
From the next post, I’m going to include more stats aside from anki to make my progress more visualized. I only began the data collecting yesterday so there’s nothing of note yet.

Starting next post, you can expect all of the following stats to be included: 
- Exstatic VN reading stats
- Kotoba quiz points stats 
- TMW immersion point logs
- Anki stats, like usual

#### Different forms of words
I got 祀る wrong at some point while doing the quizzes, even though i mined 祭る. They’re read the same way and mean the same thing.
One other time, I got 空しい  wrong too, even though I mined 虚しい. 

I guess this is also something I have to look out for when learning words.
## Plans
I made some changes to my summer immersion plans. So here are what I aim to finish before September comes round:
- anime(6):
	-  ブルアカ
	-  ぼっち・ざ・ろっく！
	-  フリーレン
	-  この素晴らしい世界に爆焔を！
	-  中二病でも恋がしたい！
	-  四月は君の嘘
- VN(3):
	-  ブルアカ main story
	- 君と彼女と彼女の恋
	-  Summer Pockets (or maybe Reflection Blue but I'm not sure)
	-  ~~HamiKuri (I learned that Hamikuri is 1M+ characters)~~

> Summer Pockets Reflection Blue is a revamped edition of the original Summer Pockets. In other words, if you play Reflection Blue, then you don't need to play Summer Pockets. However, with all the added contents, RB is twice as long as its original version. 
{: .prompt-info}