---
title: "TMW Report Week 32 & 33: GBF Hell"
date: 2024-03-31 23:17:00 +0700
categories: [Catch Up w/ Chigeri]
tags: [learning japanese]
published: false
---
While on my 3-day school trip with me friends -- a break from midterm tests, I got really hooked on this one game called Granblue Fantasy (I’ll call it GBF from now on). Let's just say... I got a *little* too hooked with it, and so didn't immerse much.

**Week 32 & 33**:
## Immersion
I said I didn't immerse much, but that's not entirely true. I played my Granblue Fantasy on Japanese, so that probably helped me get familiar with game menus, and stuff. Aside, I also did play through some story chapters of the game in Japanese! 
## Anki 
I’m still doing 10 cards daily. Though I may be infatuated with GBF, I still strive to do at least the minimum.
Currently I have 60 cards left before I entirely run out of new cards to learn. I need to restock, fast.
## Quiz
- Debut: 11
- Major: 5
- Prima: 9  
- Divine: 1 
- Eternal: 9

I felt like I forgot a whole lot of words while doing these quizzes. I kept on encountering words that I could’ve sworn had already been looked up before. It was quite depressing for me. Maybe this is what two weeks of no immersion does to a person. I seriously need to immerse or I’ll lose my Japanese.
## Plans 
### Play less GBF & start immersing again
I’m not stopping playing this game right away. That will be after at least half a month or so, when I’m done grinding for the final piece of my GBF character team.

I’m planning on watching 2nd season of 影の実力者になりたくて, starting tomorrow. It shouldn’t be a road too bumpy to tread, since now I know far more than when I first started this series. 
BTW, did you know that the Blue Archive anime is going to start airing on April 7th? I’m going to watch that too. I'm expecting a lot.