---
title: LEARNING JAPANESE w. 2
description: Learned a bit too much grammar 
date: 2023-08-28 21:53:00 +0700
categories: [Learning Japanese]
tags: [report]
published: false
---
There are many things I want to put in here, but I can’t really put them into words. Maybe I’ll start with the things that are currently on my mind first. 

my third biweekly report
**week 24 & 25**:
I haven’t done much in terms of Japanese learning these two weeks. 
- My message count on this server keeps increasing and not my VN chara count. In retrospect, that’s just dumb. I’m here to become better at Japanese, not talk to other people. On that basis, I self-muted :mute:myself for 5 months. :TohruFlex: 
Thanks a lot to @infa for giving me the push. The more I think about you, the more I realize just how much I suck and that I should always strive to be better at Japanese.  
- After being on a lookout for interesting VNs to try, I now have a (somewhat finalized) VN read list. It may or may not be subjected to change in the future.
the list :notepad_spiral: : 
1. ToToNo
2. HamiKuri (Hamidashi Creative)
3. Summer Pockets (it has an extension game called Reflection Blue. I think I will read the game + its extension when it's summer. It’s “summer” pockets, after all.)
4. 1 Yuzusoft game (i’ll go spin a wheel of name when I eventually get to this point)
5. Aokana 4 Rhythm(main game + Extra1 + Extra2)
6. Infa’s recommendations:
a. tokyo necro :zombie: 
b. muramasa
c. dies irae

Seems a little tough, but when it comes to things like this, being a little delusional about your own ability is probably a good idea. I picked up English doing it this way, so that same thing should also apply to Japanese, too, right? 
btw i'm reading totono and hamikuri concurrently because reading just one at a time is too dull for me.
- I’m nearly finished with season 1 of Takagi (9/12)!

A little unfortunate, but I’m going to be taken on holiday with my family for around 2 weeks(Lunar New Year :full_moon: ), which means no Japanese because I do all my Japanese-learning stuff on my PC. Well, at the very least I’ll try to fix my messed up sleep schedule and read more books.


Not Japanese-learning stuff that I’ve been at these few weeks: I do a lot of writing (in English) on a daily basis, but I’m not quite that good at it yet. I keep a daily journal, in which I jot down all my fleeting thoughts and feelings, and when it’s weekend, I write little things like the various weekly reports that I’ve put on this channel, as you probably know. I feel like the stuff I write always reads pretty clunky. Sometimes they are incessantly long, too. What I mean is that the things I write don’t have as much value-per-minute-read as I want to. I’ve thought long and hard about this issue, and I’ve come to the conclusion that I have been churning out too much stuff (i.e. outputting) without really absorbing things in (i.e inputting) by means of reading more books or listen to more podcasts.
