---
title: "TMW Report Week 30 & 31: Kanji Study + More Immersion"
description: Started "studying Kanji" and had a lot of immersion.
date: 2024-03-20 22:42:00 +0700
categories: [Learning Japanese]
tags: [report]
published: false
---
I can’t believe that it’s already been more than 30 weeks since I started this. 

**week 30 & 31:**
## Immersion 
Last week I vowed to myself that I would watch 10 episodes. In the end I only watched 8. But I’m still pretty proud I managed to slot some immersion time in despite my busy schedule
### Anime
- **7th Time Loop** (JP name is your stereotypical 40 words long LN title so I didn’t bother to write it down): I watched **2 episodes** – the 5th & 6th. Seeing that the series was already going to stop airing, I got a little too impatient and watched the remaining episodes in English. I shouldn’t have done that. 
- **からかいの上手たかぎさん**：I finished season 1 after watching the final **3 episode**s, at last. When I first started watching it, I had to look up words quite frequently, which made watching just one episode a pretty time-consuming endeavor. Just the idea of watching this show was quite dreadful to me at the time. But when I got to the last episode, now that I’d watched 11 episodes and quickly adjusted, watching it was a breeze. Quite the stark contrast, isn’t it?
- **影の実力者になりたくて!**: I watched the last **three episodes** and mined a total of 200 words from just those. It was a relatively difficult show for someone of my level, but I’m glad I could watch it in Japanese. The show felt more “real” than when I watched it with lame English subtitles. I can’t wait to become good enough to rewatch the show without having to look up anything.
### Visual Novel
At some point, I wanted to immerse, but wasn’t really in the mood for anime, so I turned to my good old Hamidashi Creative.
- **Hamidashi Creative**: ~10k characters. A lot of weird slang words here. By the end of this visual novel, I probably will have learnt enough slangs to go mingle with online jp people. Interesting prospect, not gonna lie. 

## Kanji Study (not really)
many thanks to the built-in identical kanji function in JPMN and the wonderful dictionary JPDB, I made some breakthrough in the way I approach learning words.
### New kanji… turns out to be old
You know how when you hover on a kanji in JPMN, it shows the same kanji used in other words? I didn’t know that the kanji 滅 in 滅びる was the same one in 壊滅. And that was just one of the many instances in which my mind was blown away by the sheer usefulness of this feature.

From now on, unless I know both the onyomi and the kunyomi of a kanji, I will mine every word I don’t know, just to see whether there’s any overlap in kanji with other words that I’ve mined.
### Became good at guessing reading/meaning of words
プルアカイブ has been my go-to jp mobile game because of the cute story and funny community (I think I’ve mentioned this already in my previous reports), but because of compatibility issues, I can’t really use Yomitan here. Therefore, I had to manually type in every kanji I didn’t know. Because the process is *not too intimidating*, I can crank out dozens of lookups in a relatively short time(maybe 1 lookup/30 seconds?). Over time I absorbed many of the meanings and readings of kanjis I looked up. 

The other day I saw 非表示 for the first time while scrolling through my phone settings, but I could guess the meaning and reading relatively accurately. There were some other words I guessed correctly. So I’m pretty convinved that I know many more words than my actual Anki mining deck card count.
## Quiz
You would think that after getting better at guessing kanji and stuff, I’d get a higher score on my idol quizzes. But nah.

- Trainee: 20
- Major: 6
- Prima: 0
- Divine: 0
- Eternal: 3

Last time was definitely lucky. There’s no other explanations. There’s no way I’m good enough yet. I need to train more.

