---
title: LEARNING JAPANESE w. 2
description: Learned a bit too much grammar 
date: 2023-08-28 21:53:00 +0700
categories: [Learning Japanese]
tags: [report]
published: false
---
**Happy New Year** :confetti_ball::dragon:  ! (Apparently it's approriate to use this greeting until Jan 7, which is today :SugoiAA:)
It's been almost a month since I last made a report! I'm finally back! How have you guys been? Me? Great. I did relatively well on my finals with an average score of 8.6/10!

**Report: week 18, 19, 20, 21**
In this special(somewhat) year-start report, I'd like to speak about some stuff:
1/ __What I've been up to after making that one last report in Dec__: 
- I had my mining deck and ShareX set up nicely. I'm going to keep on doing Core 2.3k concurrently with this newly-made mining deck
- Tsuyuchiru 🌊🔖🌂 : It is longer than I expected, so I haven't finished it yet. Tho I have a feeling that this game just isn't all this good, at least not as good as the hype around it made it out to be.  It's *really* repetitive in vocabulary, and I'm not a fan of this, despite the fact that this is good for learning words. Spoiler: ||the kissing scene was also mid... like, the lips didn't even touch properly :sob:||

- At the start of this japanese-learning journey, I installed JP Blue Archive :small_blue_diamond:  to play, but ended up not understanding a single word. But this time around, having read like 100k characters from Tsuyuchiru, I could actually follow the gist (but just the gist) of all that's happening. This was in spite of the fact that they used significantly harder words compared to those I've seen in Tsuyuchiru. Without the help of yomichan, too, because the game is, at its root, a mobile game(and there's no mobile yomichan that I'm aware of). I also noticed many familiar kanjis stuck together, and thanks to that I could make out the meaning of many unknown words, but I didn't know the readings of them because I'd never taken the Usagi Phonetics deck seriously before this. :orz:

- Me actually being able to navigate the game's menus and read the story (kind of) without knowing a single word gave me the courage to turn the language of all the apps I use into Japanese. This reminds me of the time when I did the same thing while learning English, which was roughly 3-4 years ago. It was very scary doing this back then because I didn't have any experience at the time, yet I took the plunge anyway. It can't be any worse this time, right? 🤔

2/ __A change in mentality__ 🧠
- I shouldn't make goals whose progress isn't trackable (like achieving a certain Idol role by x time, or passing N2/N1 by y time...:hourglass_flowing_sand:)  
- Input-based instead of outcome-based approach to goal-setting: For example, 2 hours of reading VNs a day vs reading 3M characters. The old school SMART(Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Realistic, Timely) goal-making method is still fine, yes. But personally, I feel like it's a bit stressful on me. When I was learning English I didn't care about how many characters I've read of how many hours I've spent listening to podcasts(and the likes), so, honestly, I don't feel the need to set a goal like "1M characters this year". As long as I keep on reading day by day, my Japanese will improve, and consequently my reading speed will also increase, no matter what:chart_with_upwards_trend::chart_with_upwards_trend:. And then I will hit that 1M characters milestone without actively seeking for it. Definitely.

- That being said, I'd like to complete at least 15 animes and 5 VNs this year. Goals are still pretty important as they provide you the general direction towards which you head. There's this analogy Ali Abdaal used that I really like: "when you're a beginner you can aim to go to the gym 30 minutes a day, but for a bodybuilder, that's just dumb. You need to be more specific about your goals when you're more advanced, like lifting 300 kilograms and so on...". 

3. __How often I post reports like these from now on__:
After a day-long contemplative session of reflecting on 2023 and planning for 2024, I've decided to make my reports biweekly from now on now that I've realized I don't have as much time as I thought I had. And I felt like this should be the way it is going forward. Less time making reports is more time learning Japanese, among many other things, after all. :muscle:

4. __What I want to do this year__:
- tick off all the UsagiSpoon boxes
- at least 5 VNs + 15 animes
- watch content I like on Youtube without difficulty
- output more
