---
title: "TMW Report Week 26 & 27: Spring Break"
date: 2024-02-17 20:00:00 +0700
categories: [Catch Up w/ Chigeri]
tags: [learning japanese]
published: false
---
I do all my stuff on my PC, and I certainly couldn’t just bring it with me on my little vacation. So I thought I’d do something useful that I usually didn’t with all this new free time I got.

**Week 26 & 27:**
## Introspection

### My struggle 
From the very start of my Japanese-learning journey and until just recently, I’d been learning with the power of willpower and discipline. In other words, I forced myself to learn. 

There were days when I had really bad headaches trying to parse sentences while reading VNs, but I just kept going because I hadn’t achieved the daily character count goal for the day.

It’s the same story for anime watching. If I hadn’t watched a certain number of hours in a day, I’d keep watching until I get to said number. Oftentimes, I’d lose sleep staying up until midnight reading VNs/watching anime because I’d had my hands full with other commitments earlier and thus hadn’t had time to learn Japanese. 

Not sure since when, but Japanese learning has become something super dreadful and unenjoyable. Most days, I even had to put “Learn Japanese” on my To-do list to make sure I don’t evade it completely.

### Realization 
Then I asked myself: “Why am I even learning Japanese if there’s so much friction going on?”. To answer that question, I listed a bunch of different reasons, but what stood out the most was watching anime. It was something that I used to love so much that I’d watch upwards of 30 episodes a day years back. Then why did I stop enjoying it? Was it because I changed? Or was it something else?

In search of a truly satisfactory answer to this, I went find some animes to watch in English. It was then I came across 7th Time Loop. Some may disagree with me, but the series was genuinely great to me. Somehow, I could keep watching episode after episode.

> 2024.05.29 Update: I dropped the show because the prince's little brother was too much of an obnoxious brat. It still holds a special place in my heart for pushing me to enjoy the anime medium more.
{: .prompt-info}
That was when I realized all this friction stems from the incompatibility (sounds a little weird) of myself with my chosen immersion material.

### MyAnimeList
And so I tried searching for real good animes to watch. Google Search was simply doing me no good. All of a sudden I stumbled upon this absolute godsend called MyAnimeList. It’s a free all-purpose anime tracking service that allows you to not only make a list of animes that you want to watch, on a neat UI, but also read well thought-out reviews. Not to mention how convenient it is to just search up current seasonal animes and those of last seasons as they are very handily grouped together.

It was as if a new world opened up for me. I wounded up spending a whole day adding animes to my list (including ones I've completed in the past) and reading review.
I intend to watch all my animes in Japanese from now on.
[Here’s the list if you’re interested](https://myanimelist.net/animelist/chigeri)

### Subtitle tutor
I still had plenty of time left even though I spent hours doing stuff mentioned above, and I was intent on putting this remainder of time I had to good use. 

I watched both season 1 & 2 of 影の実力者になりたくて in English. Originally, this was just for the purpose of grasping the context, and then rewatch it in Japanese once I got home. I didn’t expect this series to be much good, but the director and original author cooked and proved me wrong. I will unabashedly admit that this anime is now my top 1. The final quarter of season 1 about the Bushin festival got me more hyped than anything else before.

## Anki backlogs
I was making way more Anki cards than the number I rep (ratio is 60 to 10). As a result, my Anki card collection quickly grew into a massive insurmountable mountain of more than 200 cards. So I spent like nearly a whole day just doing them all, so that when I finally return home I wouldn’t have to deal with this anymore.

This plan worked wonderful in my favor.

## Misc

### A blog site to put these reports on
I made this report super long again. Whoops. To resolve this, I’m currently working on making my own blog site. Rest assured I’ll put all the long stuff on the site and only the most condensed stuff in future weekly reports here.

> Well, if you're here then it's on.
{: .prompt-info}
### anime arc
No Visual Novels until I finish all 2 seasons of 影の実力者になりたくて in Japanese. I expect to finish this series before I have my mid-term in mid-March. Sorry HamiKuri, and ToToNo.