---
title: "TMW Report Week 28 & 29"
date: 2024-03-03 22:31:00 +0700
categories: [Learning Japanese]
tags: [report]
published: false
---
I've been having my hands full with non-Japanese-learning stuff. I also struggled with procrastination a lot, too. 
My energy levels during the days weren't very high, and I'd often hit slumps thanks to a lack of sleep and staying up late doing work.

I may say "work," but honestly, looking back, most of them were inefficient, shallow work. In retrospect, I probably should have procrastinated by watching anime in JP instead of dumb stuff on YouTube to at least make better use of all the time I ended up wasting.   
**Week 28 & 29**:
## Immersion  
There was some immersion. Not as much as I'd like, but there was still something.   
- Anime: I watched around 5 episodes of　影の実力者になりたくて! which puts me at its 18th episode (first 2 episodes, then jumped to episode 15).  
- Game: I've started to play Blue Archive again, despite dropping it a few weeks ago. Even though I'm quite sure that I've gotten a lot better than the last time I played it, the game was nearly as challenging(in terms of Japanese difficulty) as it was back then.

### Non-yomitan-assisted gameplay  

In Blue Archive, there were a lot of words I didn't know. As a result, I had to handtype such words into jisho.org, even if I didn't know how to type most of them. It's a kind of painstaking process in which I had to rely solely on hearing the kanjis I didn't know being pronounced, then put the readings (or what *I* thought were the readings) of those words onto the site. 

I only got them correct ~40% of the time, and I certainly couldn't mine them very conveniently, either, because of how cumbersome it was to fill in all the JPMN note fields by hand. Nonetheless, I had great fun. This experience reminds me of when I also had to handtype all the English words I didn't know into a separate dictionary.

## Anki  
- New cards total: Finally a total of 500 cards were created! 
  - While this number may not be all that impressive when placed side-by-side in comparison with someone else's collection like Marv's, I'm still very proud of it regardless.  
- New cards/day: I'm doing 10 cards a day for fear of getting busy and thus not having enough time to mine more cards when I run out of ones to learn.

### Wacky Readings  
Thanks to a very useful built-in feature of [JPMN](https://arbyste.github.io/jp-mining-note/setup/), I noticed something I wouldn't have had I not been using it.  
I realized that some kanjis, like the word 下, have different readings based on their position in a "kanji pair". In the case of 下, when it's in the first position, it's read げ、but when it's in the 2nd position, it's read か instead. I'll look out for more of these in the future.

## Quiz
I got the biggest dopamine boost of my life doing the quizzes these last 2 weeks. I kept surprising myself over and over again. Like, genuinely surprised. You'll know what I mean when you see this comparison:
### Before this 2-week period
- Debut: 8
- Major: 0
- Prima: 0
- Divine: 0
- Eternal: 0
### This 2-week period
#### 1st week
- Debut: 0 (flunked it)
- Major: I forgot
- Prima: 2
- Divine: 6
- Eternal: 4
#### 2nd week
- Debut: 10
- Major: 3
- Prima: 2
- Divine: 13 
- Eternal: 7

Is it just me, or is Divine the easiest in terms of how easy it is to guess readings of words you don't know? But tbh I don't think anyone here knows because you can't reliably measure something intangible like this, right?

## Miscellaneous
### Blog site 
I did say that I'd make a blog site to put the long reports on. Well, actually I did make one using GitHub Pages. But I'm in a little bit of a... predicament. I don't know whether I should put only my TMW reports on there, or everything.
### delayed goals 
I also did say that I'm going to finish all of 影の実力者になりたくて season 1 + 2 by mid-March. But 15th of March is getting closer and closer, while I'm still here with more than 27 episodes left to finish. Even though I'm sure I won't make it, I'll try my best to at least crunch in 10 episodes. That's one episode a day. Pretty manageable even if I'm busy doing other things.